hey how you doing at shari's whatever
camera here at nab 2013 I got Stewart
from Blackmagic Design now guys you just
announced this brand new pocket camera
are we actually going to get it in our
hand soon well the delivery date on this
is july so the expectation is that we've
got to get obviously as many others as
we care much feedback as we can and then
the hope is that we can get this ounce
people's hands by summertime now you did
i'm have the first released last year of
the BMCC camera and it you've had some
glitches getting it out to people you
know what are you going to do with this
one what guarantees do we have if I give
the deposit and I'm actually gonna get
the camera sure I think I think the
first things mentioned on the other
camera is that you know is our first I
first attempted producing a cinema
camera we actually started to ship the
camera when we said we were going to
ship it but then we ran to ascend a
sensor issue and we're getting problems
i'm getting the sensors in from for our
senses supplier which rectified that now
and we now stand to ship these in some
quantity we were as frustrated as
everybody else and you know what we
wanted to do is we did want to let
anybody down you know our our kind of
philosophy has always been in power
people give people a great product and
i'll give people the chance to go and
shoot great movies what you see
obviously with this what we we want to
try and do is ensure that you know we
recover as many bases as possible and i
suppose the main difference with this is
a different sensor from a different
sense of manufacturer it's a super 16
sensor our other larger camera we
announced is a super 35 mil sensor so
again that's from a different sense of
manufacturer so we've covered as many
bases as we possibly can but you know
everybody knows he's always freaking H
freak of nature and things can happen
but you know we're is committed and
certainly what we don't want to do is
get a replication of but maybe what
happened last year now why did you guys
get into the camera making business you
guys are doing a great job making drives
and other things you know what made you
go in that direction well thing I think
throws one of the main differences is
that we approach this from a completely
different angle we've always had a very
very prominent stance in the
post-production market and you know with
the acquisition of DaVinci Resolve what
happened was is that we were looking at
different different footage different
codecs every day of the week and what
that basically meant for us was that we
were able to see where the positives and
negatives were on various
from file formats and camera four months
and we decided that well why don't we
start to make a camera with the end
admired you know let's let's make
something which is very open very
flexible because it's a great
opportunity to be able to shoot at many
different file formats but ultimately
what it was is to create great cinematic
images and to do that what you need to
do is have that wide dynamic range so
really a lot of the ideology started at
the end and works for would rather start
at the beginning and words at the end
okay now tell us really quickly about
the new 4k camera we're really excited
about that one it's 4k for 4k right it
is so it's 3995 dollars it's 12 stops of
dynamic range it's got a global shutter
which is obviously something which a lot
of people are really pleased about it's
also wouldn't having a super 35 mil
sensor it means that you got a got a
busted reduced crop factor so you was
talkin two roundabouts a 1.3 1.4 for the
crop factor which means you can use
those nice wide angle lenses but also
what's nice about that as well as it's
got a six gig SDI output on there so you
can actually output six re ultra HD
directly from the camera it records in a
couple different formats still recording
prores for k they'll also record in a
visually lossless cinema dng as well now
if let's say I bought the first version
of the BMCC and I still haven't gotten
it or I wanted to exchange it you're
gonna do any kind of exchange program or
anything for those people that have been
in line for a while yeah it's a common
question that people have been asking us
and I think that what we're sort of
saints a lot of people is that you know
don't make a drastic decision right now
I mean for us we saying the jewel I
delivery day on both the cameras a lot
of people may have had back orders now
for a few months and obviously what we
want to do is we want to ramp up the the
release of the camera which we initially
initially announced last year and we
start to see thousands of those going
out the door now and you know you may
only be a certain amount of time away
from getting your hands on that initial
camera the question you have to ask
yourself is what's fit for purpose what
is it you actually need because i think
you know don't make a decision based
upon getting something quicker than
something else make a decision based
upon what your actual requirement is and
what you actually want to do
it might be that you want to shoot 4k
maybe one or two and a half K might be
they just machine HD so really the
decision has to be about usage first
you